
https://codepen.io/DCdavis/pen/qBEyrGQ?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    HTML is the structure on the page.

    2. What is HTML used for?
    HTML is used to build the page.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    attributes are used in opening tags to control an elements behavior.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 tag is used for the most important heading on the page and they should only be used once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
      nav and img both use attributes.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    Title, links to other pages, things that you dont want displayed on the page, meta tages, links to font.
    7. What is an id? 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    You can add id's to any element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    You can only use an id once.

    10. What is a class? 
    A class is used to put on elements for styling purposes.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Class can be used on any html element.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    You can use a class as many times as you like.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Use the src attribute to connect to a link that goes to a different page.

    14. What is the alt attribute used for?
    Its use for accessibility reasons when its used screen readers are able to know that its a image and the description of that image.

    15. How do I reference an id?
    You place the hash tag before the id.

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    Sections indicate items are grouped together and divs in just a container.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS is used to style a page.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    To select all the h2's on a page type h2 then use a curly bracket.

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one.
    A class is used mostly for styling element it groups several elements together with the same class, and id's are mostly used for navagation on the page. 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    To select a class in css you would use a period then the class name followed by curly bracket.

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    You would use .human the a curly bracket.

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    Parent child selector is when you nest the child element in the parent. This is useful to add specicifity when styling.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    You would call div a then curly brackets.

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    pseudo selectors react to their state that they are in. 
    
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    select the element then put curly brackets then type line-space: desired space then ; close curly bracket'

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? 
    select element then curly bracket letter-spacing: selected
    
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? select div curly bracket than type border: 1px dotted black; then close curly bracket.

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    Use the wildcard selector *.

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    git status
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    git rm -r folder-name and because the deletion is permanent.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    It records changes made to a file.

    35. How often should I commit to github? 
    Every 20-30 minutes.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 